class - where jobs are sceduled for execution

prty - defines priority of job within class for execution

time - amount of cpu time job may use
if time exceeds than defined time in time parameter then it gives S322 ABEND failure
time = maximum means job will run until step execute succesfullly or until we manually terminate the job
is allowed to run indefinitely and will only terminate if the job finishes successfully or is manually stopped, 
as there is no set time limit.

 If more storage is needed the result is a S878 or 
S808 or S804 ABEND failure. If one of this failure’s occurs the user must increase the value in the 
REGION parameter.
When the amount of storage requested in the REGION parameter is higher than the address space 
can provide, an S822 ABEND failure will result.

PGM=programname specifies the program that will be executed in that step
The programname is typically the name of the executable program (such as SORT, IEFBR14, or user-written programs).
system defined program

program specified in pgm parameter is always member of steplib or joblib
If the specified member is found, it is executed. If not found, the result is S806 
ABEND failure.

ABEND failures while supplying inconsistent DCB values:
• S013-20 ABEND when RECFM=FB is used but the LRECL is not an exact multiple of the block size. 
• S013-34 ABEND when RECFM=FB is used and the LRECL is greater than the BLKSIZE.
• S013-34 ABEND when RECFM=VB is used and the LRECL is greater than the BLKSIZE-4.
• S001-04 ABEND when BLKSIZE in the DCB parameter is smaller than the actual blocksize and a multiple 
of the LRECL in the DSCB of the dataset

JOBLIB: Specifies libraries that are available to all steps in the job.
STEPLIB: Specifies libraries that are available to a particular step in the job.


1)in cond return code is used not to execute the step and
abend is used to execute the step

2)
JOBLIB is used to specify one or more user-defined libraries at the job level where the load modules reside. When the job is submitted for execution,
 the system searches these libraries to find the load module for each step in the job.

STEPLIB is used to specify one or more user-defined libraries at the step level where the load modules reside. When the job step is executed, 
the system searches these libraries to find the load module for that step.

3)PASS: The dataset is passed to subsequent steps within the same job.
KEEP: The dataset is retained on the volume after the job step completes successfully.

4)The first sub-parameter indicates the unit of measure used for space allocation.
• Second sub-parameter of the SPACE parameter indicates how much space to allocate to the dataset